Add tests for Package functions (#32)
precice/PreCICE.jl: README.md

Alternatively you can also include the package in a Julia script in the following way:

```julia
import Pkg; Pkg.add("PreCICE")
using PreCICE
```

### Adding the package from a local folder

If you have cloned or downloaded the Julia bindings on your local machine, add the Julia bindings to your Julia environment in the following way:

```julia-repl
julia> ]
pkg> add <path-to-repository>
Then exit the package mode with 🔙 or Ctrl + c
julia> using PreCICE
```

> You can alternatively also install a specific branch from this repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can install a specific branch of this repository with the following command:
```

The [solverdummy](https://github.com/precice/julia-bindings/tree/main/solverdummy) shows an example of how to use the Julia bindings for preCICE.

## Testing PreCICE.jl

> To test the bindings run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the bindings, run:
```
